so if everybody this is a Dan Ryan I'm a
game designer on smackdown vs raw 2011
and today I'm going to be telling you
about a feature that you're all super
pumped up about it's called W universe
and I cannot wait you got your hands on
it in October
it is kind of like an exhibition plus we
used to have one on exhibition matches
now these matches have consequences the
games can start keeping track of
everything that the player doesn't ring
not only if you want or lost but maybe
your actions in the match or maybe
you're being some kind of a friend or an
enemy so the game's gonna remember and
it's going to adjust the University
Taylor around the player we're kind of
replicating this whole WV world so that
everything you do everything the player
does the whole world's will revolve
around them
you'll notice immediately in the lower
right-hand corner there is a logo for
done to the universe you can move the
right stick to either toggle it on or
off and you'll see this ticker on the
bottom it keeps you up to date as far as
what's going on in your universe hey I
actually created all of these matches
based on the player's actions prior to
this you'll see each week there's raw
superstars smackdown at the end of month
pay per view and just pick a date
simulate everything that happens up to
that date so you can skip ahead as much
as you want play as much as you want
universe is never ending always change a
unique experience to flare the next
section we're going to take a look at is
my ee ee ee so this is kind of where the
player has control over all aspects of
universe it is very important for us
what you guys think we're constantly
listening your feedback one thing that
we always hear is more customization you
really want to take ownership of the wbs
can either let the game kind of
organically fill out or populate these
area for you or go ever you want and
toggle these things and change on Harvey
leg so you can shape the universe our
view one
then added over a hundred cutscenes /
moments that happen during actual
matches to really communicate that this
world is being built around you that
you're affecting your dough to the
universe anything matches all the time
and kind of you cool moments and may or
may not recognize your program they're
going to happen that's really gonna feel
like you are w superstar for this one
hander the front row dole s all of us
here are super pumped up about WV
universe and if you weren't sold already
we're gonna be a whole collection of
kick-ass moments all these spontaneous
things that happen to w university
the big thing remember is that with the
university's inspectors as law 2011 I
cannot wait who cannot way through the
play in October
you